ReadMe.md, before:

---
location:
- 42.7833
- 19.4667
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
SpocWebEntityId: 4941
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Montenegro
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- ME
- MNE
- Montenegro
- Monténégro
- الجبل الأسود
- 黑山
- Черногория
Languages:
- sr
- hu
- bs
- sq
- hr
- rom
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: EUR ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Euro ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 978 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: MONTENEGRO ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 382 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-en	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-es	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Monténégro ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Черногория ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Montenegro ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Monténégro (le) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: le Monténégro ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Черногория ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Черногория ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Europe]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Southern Europe]] 

[	Region	 :: 150 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 39 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 3194884 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: MJ ] 
[	FIFA	 :: MNE ] 
[	IOC	 :: MGO ] 
[	MARC	 :: mo ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 2647 ] 
[	WMO	 ::  ] 
[	ITU	 :: MNE ] 
[	DS	 :: MNE ] 
[	TLD	 :: .me ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: Z5 ] 
[	M49	 :: 499 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 499 ] 



[ISO2::ME] 
[ISO3::MNE] 
```leaflet
id: Montenegro
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Montenegro] 
[name-de::Montenegro] 
[Area-Total::] 
[Area-Land::] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::MNE] 
Capital :: [[./Montenegro/Counties/Podgorica]]  
![[Coat_of_arms_of_Montenegro.svg|350]] 
![[Anthem-Montenegro.mp3]] 
![[Flag_of_Montenegro.svg|350]] 
[Alcohol-l::] 
[Language-Id::] 
[geo-lon::19.4667] 
[geo-lat::42.7833] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro|Montenegro]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.public|Montenegro.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.internal|Montenegro.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.protect|Montenegro.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.private|Montenegro.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.personal|Montenegro.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.secret|Montenegro.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

ReadMe.md, after:

---
location:
- 42.7833
- 19.4667
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
SpocWebEntityId: 4941
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Montenegro
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- ME
- MNE
- Montenegro
- Monténégro
- الجبل الأسود
- 黑山
- Черногория
Languages:
- sr
- hu
- bs
- sq
- hr
- rom
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: EUR ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Euro ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 978 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: MONTENEGRO ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 382 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-en	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-es	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Monténégro ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Черногория ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Montenegro ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Montenegro ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Monténégro (le) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: الجبل الأسود ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 黑山 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: le Monténégro ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Черногория ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Черногория ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Europe]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Southern Europe]] 

[	Region	 :: 150 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 39 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 3194884 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: MJ ] 
[	FIFA	 :: MNE ] 
[	IOC	 :: MGO ] 
[	MARC	 :: mo ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 2647 ] 
[	WMO	 ::  ] 
[	ITU	 :: MNE ] 
[	DS	 :: MNE ] 
[	TLD	 :: .me ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: Z5 ] 
[	M49	 :: 499 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 499 ] 



[ISO2::ME] 
[ISO3::MNE] 
```leaflet
id: Montenegro
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Montenegro] 
[name-de::Montenegro] 
[Area-Total::] 
[Area-Land::] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::MNE] 
Capital :: [[./Montenegro/Counties/Podgorica]]  
![[Coat_of_arms_of_Montenegro.svg|350]] 
![[Anthem-Montenegro.mp3]] 
![[Flag_of_Montenegro.svg|350]] 
[Alcohol-l::] 
[Language-Id::] 
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::19.4667] 
[has_place_latitude::42.7833] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro|Montenegro]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.public|Montenegro.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.internal|Montenegro.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.protect|Montenegro.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.private|Montenegro.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.personal|Montenegro.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro.secret|Montenegro.secret]]
