Municipalities~Montenegro/Cetinje/City/Cetinje.md, before:

---
location: [42.4,18.92] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 29537
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::18.92] 
[geo-lat::42.4] 
[name::Cetinje] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Cetinje
coordinates: [[Cetinje]] 
markerFile: [[Cetinje]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje|Cetinje]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.public|Cetinje.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.internal|Cetinje.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.protect|Cetinje.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.private|Cetinje.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.personal|Cetinje.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.secret|Cetinje.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Municipalities~Montenegro/Cetinje/City/Cetinje.md, after:

---
location: [42.4,18.92] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 29537
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::18.92] 
[has_place_latitude::42.4] 
[name::Cetinje] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Cetinje
coordinates: [[Cetinje]] 
markerFile: [[Cetinje]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje|Cetinje]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.public|Cetinje.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.internal|Cetinje.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.protect|Cetinje.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.private|Cetinje.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.personal|Cetinje.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Cetinje.secret|Cetinje.secret]]
