Municipalities~Montenegro/Cetinje/City/Kotor.md, before:

---
location: [42.42,18.77] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31595
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::18.77] 
[geo-lat::42.42] 
[name::Kotor] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kotor
coordinates: [[Kotor]] 
markerFile: [[Kotor]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor|Kotor]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.public|Kotor.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.internal|Kotor.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.protect|Kotor.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.private|Kotor.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.personal|Kotor.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.secret|Kotor.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Municipalities~Montenegro/Cetinje/City/Kotor.md, after:

---
location: [42.42,18.77] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31595
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::18.77] 
[has_place_latitude::42.42] 
[name::Kotor] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kotor
coordinates: [[Kotor]] 
markerFile: [[Kotor]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor|Kotor]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.public|Kotor.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.internal|Kotor.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.protect|Kotor.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.private|Kotor.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.personal|Kotor.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Yugoslavia/City/Kotor.secret|Kotor.secret]]
