Municipalities~Montenegro/Kolašin/City/Podgorica.md, before:

---
location: [42.78333,19.46667] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 36540
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::19.46667] 
[geo-lat::42.78333] 
[name::Podgorica] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Montenegro]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Podgorica
coordinates: [[Podgorica]] 
markerFile: [[Podgorica]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica|Podgorica]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.public|Podgorica.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.internal|Podgorica.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.protect|Podgorica.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.private|Podgorica.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.personal|Podgorica.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.secret|Podgorica.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Municipalities~Montenegro/Kolašin/City/Podgorica.md, after:

---
location: [42.78333,19.46667] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 36540
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::19.46667] 
[has_place_latitude::42.78333] 
[name::Podgorica] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Montenegro]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Podgorica
coordinates: [[Podgorica]] 
markerFile: [[Podgorica]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica|Podgorica]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.public|Podgorica.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.internal|Podgorica.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.protect|Podgorica.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.private|Podgorica.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.personal|Podgorica.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Montenegro/City/Podgorica.secret|Podgorica.secret]]
